Add GCSToPrestoOperator (#21084)
mistercrunch/Airflow: docs/apache-airflow-providers-presto/transfers/gcs_to_presto.rst

 ..   http://www.apache.org/licenses/LICENSE-2.0

 .. Unless required by applicable law or agreed to in writing,
    software distributed under the License is distributed on an
    "AS IS" BASIS, WITHOUT WARRANTIES OR CONDITIONS OF ANY
    KIND, either express or implied.  See the License for the
    specific language governing permissions and limitations
    under the License.

Google Cloud Storage to Presto Transfer Operator
================================================

Google has a service `Google Cloud Storage <https://cloud.google.com/storage/>`__. This service is
used to store large data from various applications.

`Presto <https://prestodb.io/>`__ is an open source distributed SQL query engine for running interactive
analytic queries against data sources of all sizes ranging from gigabytes to petabytes. Presto allows
querying data where it lives, including Hive, Cassandra, relational databases or even proprietary data stores.
A single Presto query can combine data from multiple sources, allowing for analytics across your entire
organization.

Prerequisite Tasks
^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^

.. include::/operators/_partials/prerequisite_tasks.rst

.. _howto/operator:GCSToPresto:

> Upload CSV from GCS to Presto Table

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Load CSV from GCS to Presto Table
```

^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^

> To upload a csv from Google Cloud Storage to a Presto table you can use the

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To load CSV file from Google Cloud Storage to a Presto table you can use the
```
